Update /sys/billing/overview docs (#2335)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/api-docs/system/billing/overview.mdx

@include 'alerts/restricted-root.mdx'

The `/sys/billing/overview` endpoint returns a monthly overview of usage data relevant to usage-based licensing. 

> The retention period for historical usage data is 37 months, up to the current month. If no `start_month` or `end_month` parameters are specified, data from the full retention period is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault retains usage data for 37 months, including the current month.
```

Keep the point about missing parameters to the request parameters section.

### Request parameters

- `refresh_data` `(boolean: false)` - When set to `true`, Vault recalculates all billing metrics and stores the new metrics. Leave `refresh_data` unset, or set to `false`, to return data as of when it was last calculated. Recalculating metrics consumes server resources and may cause performance issues if done too frequently.
- `start_month` `(string: optional)` - When set using the `YYYY-MM` format, the response includes months starting from the specified month. Leave `start_month` unset to use the start of the retention period.

> - `end_month` `(string: optional)` - When set using the `YYYY-MM` format, the response includes months up to the specified month. Leave `end_month` unset to use the current month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `end_month` `(string: optional)` - When set using the `YYYY-MM` format, the response includes months up to the specified month. Leave `end_month` unset to use the current month.

When both `start_month` and `end_month` parameters are unset, the endpoint returns data from the full retention period.
```

### Sample request

```shell-session
$ curl --header "X-Vault-Token: ${VAULT_TOKEN}" \

>     "${VAULT_ADDR}/v1/sys/billing/overview?start_month="2025-12"&end_month="2026-01"&refresh_data=false"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "${VAULT_ADDR}/v1/sys/billing/overview?start_month=2025-12&end_month=2026-01&refresh_data=false"
```
